Update array-contains.md (#282)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-databases-docs: articles/cosmos-db/nosql/query/array-contains.md

## Remarks

> - This system function benefits from a [range index](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/index-overview?source=recommendations#range-index).

Reviewer: Please change this link to [range index](../../index-overview.md#range-index)

Author: Hey Mark, getting a 404 when clicking the link you shared

> - This system function benefits from a [range index](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/index-overview?source=recommendations#range-index).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This system function benefits from a [range index](../../index-overview.md#range-index).
```

Reviewer 3: @jeriela Could you commit this suggestion if you agree with it?

Author: Hi @v-dirichards I have committed the changes
